Luke_18_18-23_NKJV
[Luke 18:18-23 NKJV] 18 Now a certain ruler asked Him, saying, "Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?" 19 So Jesus said to him, "Why do you call Me good? No one [is] good but One, [that is], God. 20 "You know the commandments: 'Do not commit adultery,' 'Do not murder,' 'Do not steal,' 'Do not bear false witness,' 'Honor your father and your mother.' " 21 And he said, "All these things I have kept from my youth." 22 So when Jesus heard these things, He said to him, "You still lack one thing. Sell all that you have and distribute to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow Me." 23 But when he heard this, he became very sorrowful, for he was very rich.

[Luke 18:24-30 NKJV] 24 And when Jesus saw that he became very sorrowful, He said, "How hard it is for those who have riches to enter the kingdom of God! 25 "For it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God." 26 And those who heard it said, "Who then can be saved?" 27 But He said, "The things which are impossible with men are possible with God." 28 Then Peter said, "See, we have left all and followed You." 29 So He said to them, "Assuredly, I say to you, there is no one who has left house or parents or brothers or wife or children, for the sake of the kingdom of God, 30 "who shall not receive many times more in this present time, and in the age to come eternal life."

Observation:
Jesus explains who can inherit eternal life - who can be saved.

Interpretation:
In both instances above, what was required was faith that God would provide what was needed, and feet to walk the path that He lays out.  Leave behind anything that might be more important, and follow Jesus.

Application:
In today's time, we can't literally follow Jesus, because He's not here bodily.  But we can try to see what God is doing, and get on-board with it.  This could mean physically staying right where I am, or it could mean picking up and going somewhere else.  Who knows??